v2.9 Changelog
1. Add erase all functions
2. Modify 1-drag 20 interface
3. Fix the probabilistic failure of normal burning on low-configuration machines due to multi-threaded initialization timing abnormalities.

v2.8 Changelog
1. Fix auto-burn crash
2. Import the serial port configuration to modify the exact search

v2.7 Changelog
1. Print the file name when burning each file.

v2.6 Update Log
1. Add APS core upgrade file types.

v2.5 Update Log
1. Add re-send mechanism for uploaded files

v2.4 Update Log
1. Print after all programming is complete
2. Initialize the programmer interface after the factory programmer is closed.

v2.3 Update Log
1. Add serial port import
2. Modify timer mechanism
3. Fix the scene where some serial ports of specific computers are not configured correctly and not modified.
4. Fix the messy code problem caused by long names.

v2.2 Update Log
1. Add mutual exclusion for timer and state switching to reduce the chance of crash.

v2.1 Update Log
1. Turn off the RTS when there is no flow control.
2. Single-board printing messy code recognition%, to prevent the risk of formatting
3. Refresh the command after modifying parameters.

v2.0 Update Log
1. Add CTS and RTS only for flow control.
2. Add all select button
3. The command line can display the result of burning back.
4. wifi adds two file types
5. Command line programming opens formal programming by default.
6. Add automatic checking of files

v1.9 Update Log
1.After ICSL rectification, fix the bugs introduced by ICSL rectification
2. Add the option of timed forced reading to prevent individual computer can not be read by event trigger.
3. Add parameters on command line to show progress.
4.openssl isolated by macro to delete
5. Add 1M/2M/3M/4M baud rate option.
6. The edit box in the table can be selected using the mouse.
7. Import files automatically checked.
8. Select file import automatically, except when the file is being written.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)